# Hotel Bed Banks - FAQ

* **Can we make a test booking live in our system and then cancel it without payment to Hotelbeds?** HotelBeds doesn't have a working test environment, and I don't know what to suggest regarding test bookings.
* **How will we know if a contract expires?** There is no notification in place for hotel expiration, but we will add it as an improvement idea for future development.
* **Will we get a notification?** Yes, you can always change the contract/choose another one. The hotel is not tied to a specific contract, but you will have to manually check the price list after each contract change.
* **When a hotel contract expires, can we then import a new period and new rates on the same hotel, or must a new hotel be created?** You can choose a different contract for each room. That means you can import more than one contract for each hotel (but not for the same room in Tourpaq).
* **How can we see information and rates regarding children, ages, and rates? These are not imported into Tourpaq**? Other than the info we already display in the hotel contract overview screen, we don't get any other data from Hotelbeds. The children's price is calculated as a discount from the base price. You can find the discount info in the contract overview screen on the Hotelbeds module. We currently only import extra bed discounts in Tourpaq, but children's discounts are taken into account when placing the booking.
* **How can we see if the hotel or rates are nonrefundable?** We are not sure yet about this. Cancellation fees are a bit confusing for us as well. We already have a ticket with Hotelbeds regarding this question, but no direct answer so far.
* **When we choose to disable filters under the room types and create our own or choose our own names for the rooms, the rooms are imported into the hotel and Tourpaq under room types, but in room cost it still says the room type from the contract in the bedbank, so this is a bit confusing. Can this be changed?** We noticed the same thing on a test last week. This will be included in a future release.
* **When we have imported a hotel and we look at room cost, sometimes the periods are not per day but for a period, let's say 01-02-2020-08-02-2020. Then if we search for the rates on 04-02-2020, it shows no cost, so we cannot rely on the search module nor that the costs are there unless we go through all the rates until we find the specific period, and this is not optimal.** This is not supported but may be added as a future improvement if approved.
